Chief, I'm afraid this demon is a little difficult to deal with.
10 years ago
The dog demon is the request of my Heavenly Courtyard Gate
Why do you need the head to do it yourself?
Hold my palm with my children and grandchildren
Brother, are you alright?
The power of the gray machine, I actually
This demon has been following the witch fly since
Cultivation base great saint
I'm afraid we are no match for it.
The breath on this fist seems familiar
Have I seen him somewhere?
Hey, Wangcai, grow up fast, Wangcai
That was him?
Wangcai
Ziquan Cultivation for a Hundred Years
It is the mount of the devil's greed
It turned out that after Shenyun Sect was destroyed
Prosperity falls into the hands of flies
Unfortunately contaminated with demonic energy
To become so violent
What was it?
In the end, it's my fault for not taking good care of him
I will subdue this demon
Now is not the time for you to be brave
The demon doesn't look like he won't be soft
If I hadn't been merciful, you would have left.
Cut the crap
As soon as I make a move today
Tianyuan Gate no longer exists
Then ask the wooden sword in my hand if I will answer
Hahahaha
Now Tianyuanmen
Can't even bring out a decent weapon?
This is laughing out my dog's teeth
I Bah Tanzhou watch my imperial army 23 blood
Yeah.